hello everypony is patron and this is a
review on the class of Kitty Marx
figurine set these set features diamond
dazzle tiara Apple Bloom and Applejack
anyway let's get started and let's have
a look at it um so I already said it
came with diamond tiara apple an apple
jack has this little outside of
background and has all the stuff on it
on feedback it says the counties and
friends share adventures and fun collect
the world of your favorite my lil penny
characters products in college my very
blah blah blah and then two other sets I
have this one not that one so I'm going
to start on boxing her you will need a
pair of scissors and first thing you
have to do is cut or hack away at this
um there it's not that hard actually
then other side there there we go now it
is time to open if you so from this
point on i will be ruining this outside
box so if you like to keep this then i
recommend that you do it your own way i
have no idea who keep that safe so let's
start ripping now totally will be ruined
and so over here it comes with a little
background which isn't actually that
great just like that but luckily i found
that out before i'm going to cut this
part off now so yeah
just going to cut it over here and if
you care like you don't care at all for
this then you do not know to do this I
don't care okay once the chocolate other
side ok now I have this and just going
to take off okay by just pulling it oh i
guess i get rid of that later and down
here already fell out or salmon down TR
i guess and that and i'm just going to
cut this so it seems a little bit easier
there we go I got
okay I'm so sorry I'm taking so long you
can totally and I recommend doing this
fast forward to once i'm done okay never
mind i got it done okay sighs is going
to leave this as it is just this last
thing then it comes with this lame
background that the crystal Empire
advertisement thingy and this and I'm
going to start getting up the kicker so
here's diamond tiara she fell out upper
back ok now I'm going to check out those
cuz I like them yeah so I'm going to
make you a kiss are so tiny okay so
here's Apple Bloom huge diamond tiara
and here is Applejack you please now I'm
just going to get one my other figure
angel quickly sizes of here ok here is
my bumble sweet or honey does whatever
so I'm just going to use quick
comparison so here are the figures
themselves oops Papa jack why do you
like falling so much I'm going to see
you some show a proscenium Applejack you
know the drill um no freckles new hats
overall she is not that show accurate
though I like her mane and her team eric
is good yes all over diamond tiara see
mark is on this side and oh this like
didn't really make me think of diamond
tiara she did seem nice in this
fingering I think that she would be
better with like limes and
almost make your same ones mad I do like
has on legs like that that does rustic
touch your stance a little bit more and
she is pretty sure after Napoli she
unlike diamond tiara has new trouble
standing on all four legs and she is
pretty big actually like her legs are
bullies game if you look at her compared
to bumble sweet she looks like only a
little bit shorter it's just like really
on my turn and I she's like much more
show accurate than your sister and
father and grandma and she has a bow
awesome hair it's a gala but jump over
there and good tale of course she is a
blank link and most of the companies
like you awkward you when you stand them
with their heads like that click right
over there she looks overhearing she
actually looks to be cool like that and
she looks really messed up then of
course she looks upon my guess is like
oh my god okay so overall this set get
out from the sweet air time relish that
is pretty show accurate Jack's freckles
in her head and her not being well it is
good set I don't know if I mentioned but
she it is the same price as all other
fire impacts and it is 799 odd i bought
this at Toys R Us and right now you
should check her local Toys R Us because
when I went there today they had a bunch
of stuff I bought by a bunch of stuff i
will go already have reviews on them so
anyway I'm getting ahead of myself this
was the interview for the classic TT
work even though only to the burning
testing marks with
Apple jab Apple Bloom and diamond dazzle
TR I said not there that was her real
name so anyway like comment subscribe
all below and thank you for watching bye
if you need to know some stuff I'm at
this advertisement just look at some of
my other recent videos and by thank you
for watching